SOME BASIC QUESTIONS ABOUT LOAD BALANCER....(ignore if you know ;)

Q:What is a Load Balancer?
A: A Load Balancer is method of distributing network traffic serives to a pool of resources of an applcation.

Q:What are network traffic?
A: The amount of data moving across the server at a given time.

Q:What are the applcation of Load Balancer?
A: Just like the recent Codeforces Div(4) when there was too many requests the server crashed also while submitting the problem there was a slight 
   delay. This was because of the too many requests that was asked by the client which results in the unavailability of the application or website.
   Load balancers increase the fault tolerance of your systems by automatically detecting server problems and redirecting client traffic to available servers.
   It can be used to intelligently balance and manage network traffic among multiple servers.

Q:What is Load Balancer Algorithm?
A: Set of rules by which the load balance manages the server.

    I:STATIC ALGORHTIM--> -server has prior knowledege about the server and their capacity and then tranfers requests according to it.
                          -load cannot be re-transfered during the runtime.
    (a)Round Robin Algorithm
        what it does is, consider you have two servers with equal specs now when the client sends the requests it first goes to the 
        first server then the second.
        example-->SERVER1=>contains(odd requests)
                  SERVER2=>contains(even requests)
    (b)Weighted Round Robin
        This Algorithm fullfills the drawbacks of the round robin algorithm what it does is the load balance send the heavy or large requests to 
        the big server and the small requests to the small server.

    II:DYNAMIC ALGORHTIM--> -It identifies the laod that need to be distributed to each server for the working.(example--1st server needs 2GB then gives a 2GB requests)
                            -Load can be re-transfered during runtime.
                            best way to understand the concept of dynamic load balancing-->https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HnapukJ5ftk&ab_channel=AutelGlobal

         -->There are different types of dynamic load balancer but we will discuss this in another project.

Q: How does a Load balancer works?   
A: Companies or even a person who is building a server(like me ;) have a server farm(having multiple servers) so to handles such requests
   end users send requests to the server for where it is directed to the load balancer and according to the algo you used it proccess the
   requests and send to the servers and apis.

>Different types of load balancers are-->(a):Application Load Balancer
                                         (b):Network Load balancer
                                         (c):Global Load Balancer
                                         (d):DNS Load Balancing  
                                         